util-docker: Cleanup, refactor, better document Dockerfiles (#1292)
gem5/gem5: util/dockerfiles/README.md

# The gem5 Dockerfiles

This directory contains the Dockerfiles used to build the gem5 Docker images.
The Docker images are used to run gem5 in a containerized environment.

## The Docker Registry

We use the Github Container Registry to host the gem5 Docker images. The images are available at the  [ghcr.io/gem5] URI.

### Pulling the Docker Images

You can pull the gem5 Docker images using the following command:

```sh
# Example: Pulling the gem5 Ubuntu 24.04 image.
docker pull ghcr.io/gem5/gem5/ubuntu-24.04_all-dependencies:latest
```

## Building the Docker Images

The gem5 Dockerfiles are available in this directory.
All the currently supported Docker images, stored in the registery, are built using these Dockerfiles.

### Docker buildx

The Dockerfiles are built using the Docker buildx feature. The buildx feature is used to build multi-architecture images. The buildx feature is available in Docker 19.03 and later versions.

For more information on the Docker buildx feature, refer to the [Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/buildx/working-with-buildx/).

In this setup we store the buildx configurations in the "docker-bake.hcl" file.

> It is worth contsulting this files and noting the "targerts" and "groups" these can be passed to the buildx command to build that target image or group of images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth consulting these files and noting the "targets" and "groups", these can be passed to the buildx command to build that target image or group of images.
```
